4980.441A-001 multi-core computing
HW # 4

1. Modify the code given Matrix Multiplication Make sure the following items

A. Refer to Lecture 16 page 7 given code, change the Matrix access patterns and verify the performance
B. Apply Tiling to the given code. Change the Tile size and measure the performance. Consider the environment's cache size and explain the trend in performance.
C. Apply Pthread to the given code to parallelize it. Verify weak and strong scalability.


 The tarball containing the skeleton code for a given task performance. Untar it, and the mat_mul.c by modifying the function performs the task mat_mul
 A, B can be modified if the Matrix size you want. However, to see the effect of the cache, Matrix size should be large enough
 For part A, B is not required to submit the code, but little information, and reports the test result analysis the
To submit
 For part C is required to submit all of the code and report
 Line 35 code skeleton code shown in the bottom part of the annotations on the line time measurement and verification results
Bottom to receive an additional one such horse (Runtime argument because it is not correct for the code
If you modify your code, it will write a report)
 Matrix size that can be modified as desired during the experiment
 In the case of C, the performance of directory submission make run the code for ease of scoring four
Use the Thread 2048 X 2048 matrix Thunder's the task of performing the multiplication operations
Kane will submit by setting the code and Makefile to enqueue the jyulreo

2. K-means algorithm is used to cluster a large amount of data into k clusters, useful for classifying. Use Pthread to parallelize the given k-means algorithm and verify weak and strong scalability.

 skeleton code to perform the tasks, the data generated script, the script contains the results visualization
A tarball is given. The operation principle of the K-means algorithm and the data creation script, the result
Visualization will see a Makefile script in Appendix A ppt and skeleton code
 to see kmeans_seq.cpp file skeleton code in parallel kmeans_pthread.cpp file
It will implement the algorithm kmeans
 Perform a result of the K-means algorithm is parallelized result of the K-means algorithm performed before paralleling
And it must be the same
 Data point number, Centroid number, Iteration count, etc. can be modified as desired during the experiment
 Submit the source code and reports
Four 4 Thread for the performance of directory submission make run the code for ease of scoring 
65535 single data point using the task of sorting used 64 times Centroid 1024
Code of work to do over the iteration to enqueue a task scheduler and thunder
It will submit by setting the Makefile

Deadline: May 6, 23:59
Submit: Report (Parts 1A, 1B, 1C, 2), Part 1C source code tarball, Part 2 source code tarball
How to submit: Submit a TA-mail (wookeun@aces.snu.ac.kr)